fix(manager): Handle variables with default values in registry aliases (#36293)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/dockerfile/readme.md

FROM alpine:${TAG}
```

> Renovate supports variables with default values (using the `:-` syntax) when they're configured with registry aliases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate supports variables with default values (using the `:-` syntax) when they are configured with registry aliases:
```
